hey it's me Destin so I feel like I owe
you an apology for not making videos
last couple of weeks but when I
explained why I hope you will accept my
apology so it started like this I got
something in the mail turns out it is
the new phantom camera it's called a
Miro in 320s so this is different it's a
lot smaller it's more sensitive it's
better than what I've been shooting with
in the past and they're letting me try
it out there's only a few of these in
the continent right now so Miro is
Spanish for I see so it's kind of like
hey I see something that I haven't seen
before so I thought that was pretty cool
name I took this over 9,000 miles on
eight different plane trips to meet all
kinds of cool people all over the
country to shoot video for you so in a
nutshell the reason I haven't been
showing you videos is because I've been
shooting videos so it started like this
I got on a plane and I went out west and
I met a guy named Alan sailer
Alan sailer is the man when it comes to
high speed photography but he doesn't
know a lot about high speed video so
Alan combined what he knew and his
artistic style with what I know as a
high speed video guy and we made some
really cool videos that'll be coming up
soon after that in the desert a guy
named Greg it came out and met me to
show me a device that he had built and
we analyzed that and looked at all the
math involved in how that thing worked
that's going to be cool as well after
that I went out of my way a little bit
and went saw my buddies Joe and
buzz-buzz bought me an ice cream sundae
with us a drone across it in chocolate
syrup
of course we shot a bunch of cool video
that was that after that I got back on a
plane and went to the Perimeter
Institute for Theoretical Physics in
Waterloo Canada to a meeting called
brain stem brain stem stem meaning
science technology engineering and math
at brain stem I met some really cool
people I met Chris from science alert in
Australia I saw Michael from Vsauce
again I met vihart he makes math videos
on YouTube I saw Derek from veritasium
we got to shoot some slinky footage
together I also saw Henry from
minutephysics
in his office he showed me how minute
physics works that was fun he also plays
the violin and the mandolin I didn't
know that so we shot some really cool
video of that I was also able to do a
demonstration of high-speed video using
liquid nitrogen and fruit provided by
the Faculty of the Perimeter Institute
they use their liquid
for their superconductors so I was able
to use it for a less noble purpose but
it was pretty awesome
all right several minutes flew back to
LA and I went to VidCon VidCon is this
big huge meeting of a bunch of people
from YouTube basically it was fun I got
to sit on a physics panel with Henry
from minutephysics and Derek of
veritasium that was pretty cool they got
to ask them questions about like
theoretical physics you know I answered
all the really hard questions about
snack-cake design and stuff like that I
set up a high-speed camera and I let
people just walk up and experience
high-speed on their own I didn't really
officially get a booth but I found a
spare outlet and they tried to run me
off once or twice but I just kind of
stuck to it but it was fun Destin hotel
la Gavin slo-mo guy hello so you brought
a high-speed camera to me pretty much
yeah which is awesome because I didn't
have one at the moment so we've got to
come up with stuff to do in this just
regular hotel room so I bought this
shirt to wear to VidCon I thought it'd
be pretty good I founded a thrift store
in Arizona anyway it's a really adorable
kitty cat and I thought hey it's YouTube
they would love kitty cats the problem
is I chickened out
in hindsight I made a foolish decision
that should have wore the kitten shirt
I've been compiling all this video so
that's why I haven't released a video
I'm preparing for the future
speaking of prepare for the future I put
a link on the main channel page that you
can directly donate to my kids
scholarship I call it a micro
scholarship that's really why I shoot
smarter every day is to raise money for
my kids college education and I'm
serious about that thank you to the five
people that just happened to find the
link and donate thank you very much oh
rubber band just popped I'm going to
leave you with this I want to introduce
you to a guy named Brady Haran so he
went to both brain stem and VidCon and
we became very close over the entire
week but the thing is we became so close
that we started picking on each other
you know that kind of friend so here's
what I want to do I want to introduce
you the viewing audience of smarter
every day to Brady's videos but I
decided to make him earn it so here's
the deal I set up a challenge using the
Miro and Brady had to earn the right to
have you link to his stuff and hopefully
subscribe this is kind of how that went
down my business card is not as
impressive as yours Destin but this
this is the world's smallest periodic
table which has been etched on a human
hair it's in this year's Guinness Book
of Records you can look it up and of
course it's also in one of our videos on
periodic videos okay so so here's the
deal
Brady makes a channel called periodic
videos at the University of Nottingham
and if you watch smarter every day you
probably have figured out by now I'm
pretty weak in chemistry but this man
and his team is probably the strongest
channel in chemistry and I think you
should pretty much go check it out but
for now before I give them a link I'm
going to make you earn it I want to
teach you I'm singing for myself or Emma
yes you are so I want you to set this
mousetrap so let's figure this out can I
like you know how we were joking around
saying I don't know how to set a
mousetrap yeah I actually don't know how
to say okay so you just giving it to me
and saying setter is kind of up this is
smarter everyday man I've seen your
videos your videos like teach the
smartest things in the world and here
we're learning how to set a mousetrap I
think you're lowering - don't put your
thumb right here and don't move it yep
yep yeah it's like dumber oh I have the
high speed camera and we were going to
do the mousetrap right yeah I want to
see if you can trip that with your
finger without getting hit and what do I
get in return for this I'll provide a
link to your periodic table of your
periodic videos deal and and slide all
right oh oh all right you'll have a lot
of respect for your viewers and if a few
of them come to periodic videos I think
it's worth a broken finger you won't
break a finger if you're fast enough
oh is that the pen pal point one six one
okay if you can get out of the way in
about 90 milliseconds you're good man I
can't even think that fast all right you
want me to do ya go
that was like that was a practice going
swing yeah
yeah you got it yeah all right all right
so Brady has successfully earned your
trust so if you want to go see periodic
videos and a really a really adrenaline
pumped Brady
then click on the link here and go check
out his videos he actually has a lot of
channels so if you can calm down enough
to tell me what you got
I've got periodic videos for chemistry
sixty symbols for physics and I've just
displayed some physics skills there and
there's deep sky videos for people that
like astronomy like tests and there's
some good space stuff and number files
are really good one for some numbering
math stuff as well there are at the
University of Nottingham for the most
part but he does things like go to
Everest I mean it's really top-notch
stuff so go check it out I'm Destin
you're getting smarter every day
Brady's getting more manly every day
have a good one
later yeah stupider every day